What are you two doing?
After all, classmates
As your future stepmother
Of course I'm here to give you a last ride
See for yourself what happens to you
Come and test the evidence in my hand
Liu Guixiang has run away
I'll give you what's in your hand.
Tell me what you have in there.
You give it to me.
I will send you out of Jiangcheng
Find you a good hospital
Guaranteed
You lied to me once 15 years ago
You still want to lie to me a second time
I have handed over the evidence of your crime to the police.
Just waiting to be tried
What!
Ok, I'll be right over.
This USB stick is evidence of Fate's crime
Here's my ID card.
My mother is critically ill
I need to go to the hospital right away
Thanks
See if you give face instead of face?
Why are you sticking out a calamity like you?
Haunted
Against me everywhere
If you had a choice
I don't want to be your daughter
Then I will send you to reincarnation